[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
if we know that we can receive
assignments without declaration.
We can also do an interesting little
trick, it's just a little side note,
it's not something I'm doing an awful lot.
But you remember earlier,
when we we're talking about using block
scoping to do that whole swapping thing.
Remember we did let tmp
= x; x =y; y = tmp.
Remember that?
We can use array de-structuring
to do the swapping.
Let's say I had an x = 10.
And a y that was 20 and
I wanted to swap the two.
Could do that whole block
thing that I just showed.
Or what I could do is say,
an array de-structuring with x and y as my
pattern should be de-structured from an
array that has them in the opposite order.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
of course that's not limited to two.
You could do as many of those
as you wanted to, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: While we're on the topic
of using this array de-structuring stuff,
If we had an a that was
an array like that.
>> Kyle Simpson: We could say,
for example.
>> Kyle Simpson: So, now we're
making an array, a composite array,
I'll use spaces just to make
this a little more readable.
We now have an array on
the right hand side,
that has zero through four in it, right?
And over here we could say, I want to
throw away the first two of these.
We're going to have to make
variables to catch those,
collect the rest of
them right back into a.
So, that is the effect of
throwing away zero and
one, and now a is going to have
two three four in it, okay?
Remember our whole usage of dot,
dot, dot operator?
It also works with our de-structuring.
So, now we see the dot,
dot, dot on both sides.
One on the right hand side
it's doing spreading.
On the left hand side
it's doing gathering.
>> Kyle Simpson: And we could just have
a single variable here, like that or
underscore, or whatever other
one you wanted to use to say,
this is just, I'm just dumping
these I don't care about, okay?
>> Kyle Simpson: But you don't
even need that, because the array
de-structuring allows
you to do empty slots.
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
now if we ran this example,
our a would be an array that had
values two three and four in it.
Zero and one would have been done, okay?
So, we can use our pattern de-structuring
and even more, I don't necessarily want to
call it a tricky way, but
we can use the capabilities of it to
take on tasks that would have been a lot
more ugly to express in imperative form.
>> Speaker 2: So, I take it if you
transpired that it would just give it some
random variable names that
never get used again?
On those two that get tossed up.
>> Speaker 2: It just slices instead.
>> Kyle Simpson: See they're doing all
this analysis to figure out what's
the simplest path, used characters,
most performant to get it.
So, you might say, this is how I would do
it I'd make these temporary variables or
whatever, and they're saying
we've all ready analyzed and
figured out this is the best way to do it.
>> Speaker 2: So, with the empty
slots just the white space matter, or
is it just [CROSSTALK]
>> Kyle Simpson: I do that for
readability, it doesn't matter at all.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's the array
with two, three, four in it.